# BADM-290-Project
These analyses were created to draw conclusions about market research conducted on the Finca Flichman (FF) winery in Mendoza, Argentina. FF intended to replace their original label in order to drive an increased in the perceived value of their products. 
This is conducted by allowing the user to view graphical representations of the bivariate difference between the perceived value of the two labels for both products. In order to determine if any causal relationships were present between the independent variables in the market research (ex. Household Income, Age, Perceived Value), 81 linear regression models were developed to identify statistically significant correlations. For each of these models, corrective transformations were applied using an optimizing algorithm of the omega parameter that minimizes the significance of the Shapiro-Wilk test as a method of normalizing residuals for the purpose of maximizing model accuracy. After this was completed, the models were then filtered by their significant at a level of 95% and then re-tested for the presence of polynomial factors up to the cubic level. If a polynomial factor was deemed to be significant, it was added to the model as a part of the optimization process. Once the final list of models was present, the regressions are illustrated to show each relationship in detail.
Additionally, a user-facing function is present that allows for the inputs of two of the independent variables to produce a report that states the significance of the optimized model and its predicted value along with a brief summary of that model's accuracy.
